The first step in recognizing patterns in
images is learning how images are seen by computers.
For example, say you want to find the boundary of an object.
A common task is separating an object like a human from a background.
For us, it's easy to see where the background ends and the human begins.
But how do we formalize this in code?
That's what this first lesson is all about.
First, we'll talk about how images are represented as
numerical data and learn some foundational image processing techniques.
Then, we'll learn how to extract
distinguishing features about certain objects in an image like their color or shape.
Near the end of this lesson,
we'll get into deep learning techniques and
convolutional neural network structures that can learn how to
extract these distinguishing features and can be
used in complex classification tasks. Let's dive in.